Bugfix/lazy component loading states and fetching (#2500)
DivanteLtd/vue-storefront: CHANGELOG.md

- add cart count config, allows you to display the item count instead of a sum of the item quantities - @pauluse (#2483)
- improved product gallery load view, shows correct image on reload - @patzick (#2481, #2482, #2488, #2501)
- Fix an issue where the index.html template within a theme is ignored - @EnthrallRecords (#2489) 

> - Added async sidebar component with async off-screen components error handling and fetch retrying after coming back online - @filrak (#2500)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added async sidebar component with async off-screen components error handling and fetch retrying after coming back online - @filrak (#2408, #2451)
```
